README.md, before:

# koop-agol-docker

**Work In Progress**

## Getting started

Grab [docker](https://www.docker.com/toolbox), [docker-machine](https://docs.docker.com/machine/install-machine/), and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/machine/install-machine/).

The quickest way to get started is to install the [Docker Toolbox](https://www.docker.com/toolbox).

Once you have docker setup you can run the following script to create a Koop server, Koop export worker, Koop agol worker, postgis, and redis containers.

```
./config/scripts/koop.sh re-create
```

Each time you run `./koop.sh re-create` docker-compose will do the following:

* Stop and force remove any existing containers
* Build the Koop image from the repositories Dockerfile
* Start redis and postgis containers 
* Create the Koop database for postgis and start Koop server
* Start the Koop agol and export workers
* Run `docker-compose logs`

## Configuration

Configuration is handled by [node-config](https://github.com/lorenwest/node-config) which reads the default settings from `config/default.yaml`. Individual values can be overridden using environment variables configured in `config/custom-environment-variables.json`. You can set environment variables for each container within the `docker-compose.yml` file.

## Contributing

Esri welcomes contributions from anyone and everyone. Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/Esri/contributing).

## License

[Apache-2.0](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Adding basic Koop AGOL tests
Created a simple set of http tests using Mocha and Nock. Nock allows us
the ability to save live requests as test fixtures, which can be used
for all following test runs.

Local fixtures can be bypassed and recreated by passing the environment
variable NOCK_RECORD=1 on test execution.

The Koop host (127.0.0.1) for tests can be overridden using
TEST_KOOP_HOST.

JUnit test reports can be generated using the mocha-jenkins-reporter.

Current tests:

- Verify that /status returns the correct agol provider version
- Register a host
- Request an item located on the newly registered host

Updated the package.json with development dependencies.

README.md, after:

# koop-agol-docker

**Work In Progress**

## Getting started

Grab [docker](https://www.docker.com/toolbox), [docker-machine](https://docs.docker.com/machine/install-machine/), and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/machine/install-machine/).

The quickest way to get started is to install the [Docker Toolbox](https://www.docker.com/toolbox).

Once you have docker setup you can run the following script to create a Koop server, Koop export worker, Koop agol worker, postgis, and redis containers.

```
./config/scripts/koop.sh re-create
```

Each time you run `./koop.sh re-create` docker-compose will do the following:

* Stop and force remove any existing containers
* Build the Koop image from the repositories Dockerfile
* Start redis and postgis containers 
* Create the Koop database for postgis and start Koop server
* Start the Koop agol and export workers
* Run `docker-compose logs`

## Configuration

Configuration is handled by [node-config](https://github.com/lorenwest/node-config) which reads the default settings from `config/default.yaml`. Individual values can be overridden using environment variables configured in `config/custom-environment-variables.json`. You can set environment variables for each container within the `docker-compose.yml` file.

## Tests

Tests are using [Mocha](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha) and [Nock](https://github.com/pgte/nock). 

Currently all tests make real HTTP calls to a provided Koop host. Each test will record the HTTP call and save it as a fixture in `test/fixtures`. All following test runs will use the local fixtures. You can force a fresh set of fixtures by passing `NOCK_RECORD=1`

```
TEST_KOOP_HOST=`docker-machine ip dev` npm test
```

```
NOCK_RECORD=1 TEST_KOOP_HOST=`docker-machine ip dev` npm test
```

## Contributing

Esri welcomes contributions from anyone and everyone. Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/Esri/contributing).

## License

[Apache-2.0](LICENSE.md)
